docs: update DatePicker, Drawer and FileInput component (#594)
medly/medly-components: packages/core/src/components/DialogBox/DialogBox.stories.mdx

# DialogBox

> Dialog boxes are windows that appear in front of app content to give critical information, request a decision, or involve multiple tasks.  It consists of a Header, Content, and Action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DialogBox` are windows that appear in front of app content to give critical information, request a decision, or involve multiple tasks.  It consists of a Header, Content, and Action.
```

</DialogBox>
```

Shadow appears on the Header and Actions section if you scroll through the content.

To close the dialog box, follow the steps given below:

1. Click the cross icon.
2. Press `Esc` key.

> 3. If the `shouldCloseOnOutsideClick` prop is selected, then dialog box will close on clicking outside the dialog box.

Reviewer 2: I think `selected` is not the right word over here, we can use `provided` or `set true`
